This Saturday, join 24 fearless kids as they nick or treat in Nick's virtual neighborhood.
Want just three kids every hour dare to knock on cyber doors.
Each one could bring a great treat or a trick from another dimension.
The all-day fright fest starts at 2-1 Central with the scariest episodes of your favorite Nick shows.
Plus, the world premiere of the newest Nicktoon, the real monsters at 8-7 Central.
It's all happening this Saturday right here on Nick.
Nick or treat is brought to you by McDonald's McWorld.
13 Did-N-Dry and Nickelodeon.
Nick or treat? Smell my feet? Give me something good to eat?
Hey, stick with me for lots more.
Nick or treating? And scary Halloween shows.
It's Nick or treat Saturday.
This week's Nick will be allowed to remember
Bring your teeth!
A night of mischief.
A night of very hell.
A night of total terror.
It's the special premiere of Nickelodeon's newest Nicktoon.
Real monsters.
And we've been bearing to this glorious night all year.
Premieres next Saturday at 8-7 Central only on Snick.
I thought Halloween was just for weenies
until my brother Pete set his sights on the record.
Then I realized it could be a night of legends.
All we had to do was break the trick-or-treat record.
But our night of glory soon became a night of terror.
Go home! I can't be touched up!
And suddenly being a legend meant saving Halloween.
Trick or treat!
An all-new adventure of Pete and Pete
next Saturday at 8-7 Central on Snick.
Jonas Cutter.
They say I like the good script.
They say I'm a low-down dirty dog.
They also say I've been dead for 200 years.
I mean, it's all true.
But I'm coming back special.
This Halloween, the Midnight Society tells a special hour long tale
when Captain Jonas Cutter arises from the dead.
Charles Dutton stars in an all-new tale of terror
tonight at 9-8 Central on Snick.
Oh!
Oh, darn!
Yes!
Did you walk toward me?
I saw he was different than other boys.
Want to share the fruity tasting part of your complete breakfast?
Our eyes locked.
Want to go bowling?
He was a great bowler.
Everything he drew was in spite.
Your loops made us happy.
Happy is a strange.
Absolutely not.
If kids like me ran the world,
I'd win the McWorld Sweepstakes every time.
That way, I'd always be getting cool prizes.
Cool.
And going on awesome trips.
Final boarding call!
No!
Hey, they could happen.
Passengers, please prepare for further details.
There's three CD players.
If you win the McWorld Sony Sweepstakes,
you'll get a ton of Sony stuff.
A show of radio.
Hurry, Dad.
Kid 8 to 13 can write in or enter free at McDonald's.
Runners up in CD boom boxes.
Many will enter.
32-inch trinitrol.
Cool.
Where are you getting to sleep?
I have no idea.
For the night.
Tonight's night.
No other place.
Here.
No way to stop it.
Now, sneaky.
You are now, sneaky.
Don't forget your purse.
Put it up.
Oh, I'm shaking.
Nikki, can you say bunny rabbit?
For Halloween, I'm going to scare those kids so bad
they'll never sleep again.
Ha!
You couldn't scare your own shadow.
Satisfied?
Rotten eggs everywhere.
Quiet waste.
Perfectly rotten eggs.
Humans.
Go figure.
You looking at.
Sorry.
Thanks.
Do you mind?
Bad hair day.
Lovely sentiment, I guess.
And I do, too.
Now, you all know tonight will be your first Halloween.
Yeah!
And we've been preparing for this glorious night all year.
A night of mischief.
A night of mayhem.
You also know the results of last week's midterms are in.
And you passmongers have really let me down this time.
How hard could it be to scare the pants off an eight-year-old?
This was all you came up with.
I'm glad you find this so amusing.
Perhaps you and your classmates can enjoy a real laugh riot
while you're sitting in your rooms tonight.
But your grumbleness, it's Halloween.
What?
You think you deserve to go out on Halloween?
Uh, yes.
Looking for a yes?
Oh!
Silence!
I have spoken.
As far as you ringworms are concerned,
there's no such thing as Halloween.
First a tooth fairy, now this.
Halloween is a national holiday. He can't do this.
Kenny?
And just in case any one of you is stupid enough to defy me,
my dear friend will be guarding the exit.
What happened to the honor system?
Don't be afraid, my pets.
He's been given strict instructions not to hurt a hair on your heads.
Simply to catch you and bring you to me.
I'll handle the discipline with one of three choices.
Something bad, something really bad.
Or you don't want to know.
After all, why should he have all the fun?
What about my needs?
Mom just ruined my Halloween.
You can't go out?
Worse, I gotta take you.
I'll be good, Jake.
I promise.
That's right, you will.
And you'll keep your mouth shut no matter what you see or hear.
Get it?
I won't see or hear anything.
Glad we understand each other.
Main drainage pipe.
You guys want to come, you can slide behind the frog.
With the flow.
As appealing as that sounds, I think we'll be finding our own way out.
Thank you very much.
I don't think I'll be able to go.
I had some bad pencils for lunch and they're sitting in my stomach like lead.
Come on, I guess don't start this again.
But you heard what the grumble said.
He said if you-
I heard him, I also see those two are going.
So pencil breath, what's it gonna be?
It just could never disobey the grumble.
I could too.
If I had a rat, for every time I disobeyed the grumble, I would have.
A lot of rats.
What if we get caught?
Relax.
What if we get lost?
Don't fret, Iggy.
Chrome has an excellent sense of direction.
What if it starts to rain and my ears fill up with water and I drown?
It could happen.
They're gonna wish they were born without noses.
A scratch and sniff costume.
Whoa, that's nasty.
Hey, trash costume!
Hey, dears, what are you doing to rain?
Well, see you around.
Here, this lady's only giving out pennies.
They thought we were humans in costume.
How humiliating.
I've never been so embarrassed.
So, um, what do we do now?
I could go for some more of those copper-coated treats.
They were awfully good.
What did those kids say again?
Pick your meat.
I think it was prick your feet.
I definitely heard meat.
No, no, that makes no sense.
Pick your meat.
Pick your feet, I understand.
You know, prick your feet.
But pick your meat.
I've brought enough toilet paper to wipe up the entire neighborhood.
Hey, didn't you get stuck with your little brother?
Oh, excellent. Now I've got an attack rabbit.
I'm a monster.
Hey, don't laugh.
Nikki actually saw one of these in the garbage.
Didn't you, Nikki?
Don't worry, he'll stay out of the way.
Look great.
Pick your meat.
My, you certainly are the most...
Herb, you want to get out here for...
Have you ever seen such things?
Finally, some kids with imagination.
What are you all supposed to be?
Well, that one's a candy cane.
And that one's like a jackrabbit or something.
And that one...
Ooh, ooh, ooh, son.
Whatever you are, you ought to take that costume off
and get some air.
Think you're starting to run in there.
Costumes.
Hey, this is good, too.
Especially the outside.
Let's get some more.
Break your feet!
Hey, it was cute the first time, but don't push your luck.
Very funny, the party's in the den.
There aren't even any worms in there.
Let's play Den Man's Game.
Everybody get in a circle.
Now, we pass around the grossest thing we can think of.
And I'll go first.
The belly-fact of a decaying mongoose.
I've had better.
Petrified booger of a tyrannosaurus rex!
Wow, it's too true you have to draw those ears.
Hey, I got one.
My very own eyes.
Appleball.
What's going on in here?
What, they're just eyeballs.
Ready on patrol. Action on the right flank.
Prime all weaponry.
We can kill you when he sees you here.
Who beat us here?
Those kids were vicious.
I have half a mind to go back there and give them some of this.
Now you've done it.
I guess there's only one thing to do now.
Eat more?
Carry him back, genius. We can't leave him out here.
Time, we're gonna egg you and leave you there. Got it?
Here with Nick or Triton. I'm on the phone live with Jordan.
You ready to play? Yeah.
We have six different houses.
We've got prizes and some monsters and others.
You've got 40 seconds. Which house do you want to go to first?
Four! Go! Go!
Doctor Till, all the way down the street.
Run, run, run! Come on, Jordan!
Pass the dead inside, up the stairs.
Don't trip and press the doorbell.
You want prizes?
You are absolutely positively at the wrong house.
You've got Nick or Triton. Where do you want to go next?
Six rotten acres over on the right.
Run, run!
Run, push down, right.
Now, press the doorbell.
Oh, you want Nick or Jordan back there?
What do you want to do next?
Where? Five.
Okay, quivering heights. Go, go, go, go!
Run, run on the right. The second house on the right.
Pass the first house.
Now, take it right now. Quickly.
Now, press the doorbell. Quick!
Oh, no, no, no.
Oh, no, stay tuned, Tror.
More Nick or Triton on the make-
Looks like a Harley-Davidson.
Awesome. I can really get into this.
I think it's about taking places you've never been before.
You've tried, Nick.
Nick Owl. Try the all-new Nick.
It whitens, it brightens, it softens, it strengthens,
and it gets 15 miles to the gallon.
Plus, you get the extraordinary benefits
of our special new ingredient,
the secret world of Alex Mack.
Just when you thought you'd seen it all.
What's new is next. It's new.
You could've gotten hurt, Cotton Tail.
Mom would've grounded me for life.
Hold that thought, huh?
Come on, you can't stay in there forever.
Wanna bet?
Come on, we're gonna be late for that party.
Nice try, pal. You just weren't scary enough.
Hey, there's no toilet paper.
Kinda short, but what a babe.
Poor Iqus. You pricked his feet one time too many.
Halloween is a major holiday.
We should've started him out on something a little easier,
like Groundhog's Day.
This isn't Iqboy.
He looks just like Iqus.
You look just like Iqus.
Don't eat me, don't eat me.
We don't eat humans.
Who knows where they've been?
Who'd be left to scare?
Are you monsters?
Yep.
Monsters!
Nice work!
Of course we're not monsters.
But you're hairy and weird-looking,
and you smell really bad.
Thanks.
Look, I'm Oblina, this is Crumb,
and we demand to know what you've done with our friend Iqus.
Iqus?
You know, small chap, big ears, color of fresh boobs.
Does he eat garbage?
That's him. I've seen him.
I've made my costume to look like him.
Well, if you're here, that means...
there's no big trouble.
When he comes home without me,
Mom's gonna grind him for life.
I got it.
Crumb, you're a genius.
You think Iqus was switched with Niki?
Maybe, but look,
I can stuff six of these things
on each side of my mouth.
Try it.
Crumb, we must find Iqus
and return this boy immediately.
Well, well, well.
And what are we doing now
when he doesn't look ill to me?
In fact, he looks more robust than ever.
Now get back inside
before I send snorts to tuck you in.
Iqus.
Stay close to me.
Because here's the rat I owe you.
Ow!
First, I just want to wish you all a happy Halloween.
Oh, that's right.
You missed all the fun.
How terribly insensitive.
I just love being me.
But enough chitchat.
Let's turn to last week's assignment, shall we?
That's one way to lick the problem.
All righty, let's see
who wants to be next.
Master Iqus.
With all due respect, sir,
you don't want Iqus.
Oh, and why not?
Well, to be honest,
Iqus hasn't been acting like himself.
Lately, he's been just a...
Good hang time.
Go ahead.
Eat it.
He's trying to cut down.
Break time!
Now, I have reason to believe
that some of you hang-nailed little snits
were out last night.
No.
Was it? No, you grumble this.
I wouldn't...
Apparently everyone chickened out last night
except me.
Oh, and you too.
The grumble's gonna bite our heads off for sure.
You said monsters don't eat humans.
Don't eat other monsters.
Make no mistake.
I will find out who disobeyed me
and when I do...
Come on, guys, I said breakfast.
You heard, Mom.
Get out of there now or I'll give you a broom-handle sandwich.
Mom!
Nikki broke the broom!
And where do you think you're going?
Now, you sit down and eat your breakfast.
In case you didn't know,
Halloween is over bonehead.
Mom, bonehead will take off his stupid costume.
Jake, stop picking on your brother.
Sorry, kiddo.
No breakfast till you put on some real clothes.
You gotta have breakfast.
It's the most important meal of the day.
Howdy, Esther.
Where are you from?
You wouldn't believe me.
Honey, are you okay?
You sound like you've got a frog in your throat.
You really are a dweeb.
Aren't you forgetting something?
What about my kiss?
I don't have cooties.
You could borrow mine.
Now, remember, the point is to pierce eardrums,
give chills, and generally reduce humans
to saggy-need lumps of glue.
And one, and a two, and a three.
Guys, I need more from the powlers.
Work with me, people, work with me.
Okay, background, I really sell it.
Hmm, there's something missing.
Fluors, absolutely m-li-fluors.
And the thing I said you'd never amount to anything.
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Oh, you!
Now, class, yesterday we learned
all about Wanda Frimler's penthouse condo
with sweeping river views
and wraparound terrors.
Today, Nicky will tell us all about his house.
Nicky?
My house? Um, well, let's see.
It's, uh, it's got the best trash
you'll ever find.
Um, there's enough
maggots and broken car parts
and chicken bones
to feed a family for weeks.
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
I live in a filthy,
disgusting dump.
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
I think you know what you're going, young man.
Oh, no, not the trash compactor.
Scratch me like a bug and I'll flatten you like a pancake.
Button me like a pancake and I'll mash you like potatoes.
Mash me like potatoes and I'll...
What are you in for?
Disrupting class.
It's a little wimp-disrupted class.
Like this?
We can't split this up without Nicky.
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
I guess they're not coming.
Maybe I'll just flush myself down the toilet
and hope for the best.
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
They're the best.
I need to use the bathroom.
You have a serious wardrobe problem.
You'll be sorry.
What are you going to do to me?
What if I just took this...
Turn it out!
Oh, here it comes. Go cry for mommy.
Don't tell anyone where you've been.
No one would believe me if I did.
Are you okay?
I'm better than okay.
Bad!
I'm bad!
Oh, Jakey, can you say...
Bunny Rabbit?
Mommy!
So you were tough. So I was outnumbered.
It takes more than 15 men to scare me.
15?
Excuse me, but there were six.
Two wore short pants and none of them shaved.
Hm.
Since none of you confessed to going above ground on Halloween,
I did a little detective work.
You'll never be able to pin this on us.
And with the aid of a rusty tweezer
and a garden weasel,
I made four eyes here squeal
like a stuck pig.
We're dope.
Oblina, Crumb, and Ickis,
would you please stand up?
Class, I want you all
to take a good look at these three.
Take a good, long look.
For they are the future
leaders of tomorrow.
I told you, Jakey, not to sweat it.
Unlike the rest of you
slobbering panty wastes,
these students acted
like real monsters.
They went out on Halloween.
However, let's not forget they did.
Disobey me.
Therefore...
What's behind our number three again?
Weekend mornings on Nicktoons
are something to shout about.
So we are the future leaders
of tomorrow.
Weekend mornings on Nicktoons
are something to shout about.
So we are...
30! Daddy Phantom and the Pirates
at 9.30!
Come on, it's more exciting than that.
Much better.
500 air power,
shoot starts with dead eye accuracy.
And blasts
targets from long range.
But sometimes a single shot
won't do it.
Luckily, the Supermax
Supermax definitely
evens the score.
The Supermax 501,000
from Super Soaker. Also the system
2000 each sold separately.
Hey, what's up?
Now there's even more two-in-one
marshmallows in here. More?
Lots more marshmallows. How do you make
the many? Eat the word balance
and find out.
Lots more flavor, lots more fun.
Now in every bowl,
lots more two-in-one.
Marshmallow alphabet cereal
now with more marshmallows as part of this
good breakfast.
Yeah!
Look what's new in the world of Domino Rally!
The Domino Rally
Extreme Action Set!
Cool!
The Domino Rally Extreme Action Set!
Domino dealer sold separately.
We made magic swords for Nickelodeon.
Then we made a movie
about going through them.
Guys, look! Timmy's diary!
Cool! My dear diary stores
tons of really private stuff.
What's locked? Only my secret
go to Moxon. Maybe my name's
Co. In your dreams.
It has 14 different functions
like course go calculator.
It even keeps my shopping list
guide numbers and loads more.
I know who she likes. No contest.
She has a crush on me.
Right, huge crush.
Dear diary electronic
organizer from Tiger.
On the way to Willy's house
Willy, wake up, boom!
You never know just when I will blow!
Willy, go, boom!
It's Willy, go, boom!
The game where you spin the spinner and pump Willy up!
Make Willy, go, boom three times
and you win!
So if you're going to Willy's house
you better get the soon!
Because you never know when Willy will blow!
Willy, go, boom!
Because you'll never know just when I will blow!
Once a year, like the leaves
it comes.
A magical night
when bedtimes disappear
and identities change.
Trick or treat!
When the ghouls and goblins of our souls
are set free
to roam the night
and scarf candy.
For the true believers
Halloween is the ultimate holiday.
For me
it's the ultimate dork holiday.
Halloween is for Halloweenies.
Gotcha!
You blinked!
Wrong.
Pete thinks I'm the weenie
for not believing anymore.
What happened to my Halloween spirit?
Where did it go?
And once it's gone
can it ever return?
Pete and I were about to find out
and the answers would either
save Halloween
or destroy it forever.
So have you been to the doggie yet?
Isn't it?
Gotcha, doggie!
What is it about Halloween
that gets kids all wiggly?
For some, it's eating enough candy
corn to launch a lunar probe.
But for my brother, Pete
it's something much simpler.
Immortality.
Or, as it's known
in Wellsville.
The record.
You see, 31 Halloweens
ago, Greg and Judy Stilp
trick-or-treated to 374 houses
in one night.
By midnight, they were legends.
Gods!
Like Apollo and Athena.
Who?
Apollo and Athena.
They were brother and sister.
Only Athena didn't have a mother.
So she just springed out of her father's head,
ready to fight.
I saw the picture.
The record has never been broken.
Me and Pete always tried.
But then he quit.
Athena never quit.
I won't either.
The thing you have to realize
is that to Pete
Halloween isn't a holiday.
It's a holy day.
And a gutted gourd is a token of
thanks to the Halloween gods.
You
are the chosen one.
But even the truest
of the true believers need a little
help now and then.
And that's where crossing guard Frank
Gulture comes into the story.
Good day, citizens.
Hey, Frank, nice wheels.
Born to be wild, huh?
No.
That's my surveillance assault vehicle.
You need that thing to guard the crosswalk?
Oh, no, no.
I'm on special assignment, chief.
Halloween duty. I've been called to
serve and protect sector 17.
I'm sorry to.
Tomorrow night, be sure to buddy up
because they're out there.
Oh, they're out there all right.
Pete knew exactly who they were.
The pumpkin eaters.
A pack of goons
who turn Halloween into Halloween.
No one knows their true
identities.
But every year they rip through
Wellsville like a twister,
pulverizing the Halloween spirit
of everyone who still believes
in the dark nights of Halloween.
You got that right, chief.
The thing is,
that if we don't stop
the pumpkin eaters, this is
our last Halloween.
What?
I know how much it means to you,
but I don't make the rules.
The word just came down.
Oh, remember, chief,
today's devil's night,
24 hours to the big show.
Be careful out there.
Halloween. Wow.
How's Pete taking it?
Like someone punched his soul.
Between you and me,
I hope this is the last Halloween.
I'm sick of it.
Look in graveyard.
Looks like this one got away.
It used to bug me whenever I saw
a smashed pumpkin.
It just seems so senseless.
But that day,
I finally understood.
Maybe because I hated Halloween.
Smash it.
Do it. No one's looking.
You have tasted the dark side.
And it tastes like chicken.
Do me a favor.
Maybe.
Maybe there's hope for you yet, Wrigley.
Hey, does anybody else's pumpkin
head smell like tangerines?
Nine months.
Don't go ruining your appetite, boys.
Because tonight,
we're gonna have us a little
weenie roast.
Make someone do this.
I don't understand.
I know it sounds crazy,
but I couldn't help feeling like I was to blame
for what happened.
As if the Halloween gods had cursed Pete
for the pumpkin I destroyed.
And it didn't help that the next day.
I'm sorry, Gumdrop,
but I'd have to be an idiot
to let you go trick-or-treating.
Known as Pop pulled the plug
for our Halloween plans.
Love hurts.
Pete,
Mom told me about Nona.
What are you gonna do?
Nothing.
Can't break the record alone.
It takes two people to haul a candy,
remember?
One more shot.
It's all I wanted.
Maybe it was loyalty.
Maybe it was stupidity.
But to this day,
I can't believe what I did next.
Pete,
I'll go with you.
You and me.
Together, remember?
Don't yank my chain.
I'm not.
I'll go.
You will?
You what?
Pete, you can't go trick-or-treating.
It's no big deal.
I know what this is about.
So you smashed a pumpkin.
I think you're being a little dramatic.
Dramatic? I'll give you dramatic.
I got two words for you.
Ellen, don't.
Ned Richmond.
Remember last year?
How could I forget?
Last Halloween,
this 15-year-old feed
named Ned Richmond went trick-or-treating.
And the pumpkin-eaters caught him.
He got roasted
for everyone to see.
Ned's life has never been the same.
Now nobody will go near him,
not even in the yearbook.
But
I can run really fast.
Pete, please, don't do it.
Once a Halloweeny,
always a Halloweeny.
You'll be scarred for life.
I gotta go get ready.
According to my brother,
the record is one of mankind's greatest feats.
Like landing on the moon.
And if we broke the record,
we'd be legends.
Just like Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin,
the first two men
to walk on the moon.
For me,
I was just relieved that the visor
covered my face.
Pete was relieved too,
because he could actually
relieve himself in his space suit.
Science.
Ready, Commander Armstrong?
Ready.
Buzz.
So off we went into the unknown,
visions of Halloween glory
surging through Pete's brain.
Fear of being unmasked,
gracing through my own.
The adventures of Pete and Pete
will be back after this on Smith.
Go, go, go. Okay. Take a right.
Oh, good, good, good. Now, pass the doorbell.
Come on. Whoa!
Oh, you got the better man.
Quivering heights. Down.
Down past the house you just went to.
And go watch out for the ghost. Whoa, I hate those ghosts.
And then you take a right. Take a right there.
Pass the doorbell.
I says you are absolutely positively
at the wrong house.
Four. Four. Okay. Go all the way down to the right.
You stay on the right side of the street, aren't you?
Okay. Drive on the right, I guess.
Pass the doorbell. Oh, dead inside.
Pass the doorbell. Quick, quick. Yes.
No prizes.
Congratulations. Be sure you stay too
because we've got more coming up on Nick or Tree.
Kid, now you don't have to eat out
to gross that. Just make some groceries
in the Incredible Edibles
Groceries Maker.
Like corn on the slob, french fries.
Green. Rich.
100% gross. It's the Incredible Edibles
made of Power Ranger sweepstakes.
One lucky family will win a trip to Hollywood
and it will only be better than making
an anyone is an anyone.
No rich necessary details of participating retailers.
Incredible Edibles Groceries Maker and Power Rangers
sold separately. Parents put it together,
light bulb not included from Tymax.
Watch me get rich pebbles.
My cocoa Rockies are the chocolaty
of cereal ever.
More chocolatey than my cocoa pebbles?
Ah, prove it.
Pebbles Chocolatey.
Now try yours.
Yow. Barney.
Plus cocoa pebbles cereal.
Part of this complete breakfast.
I'm hiding my pebbles so Barney won't get them.
But kids, you can use this free ink stand
to tell me where they are.
Free ink stamp inside
box boxes of pebbles.
Kanax. Kanax.
The new snap together color-coded construction set.
Nickelodeon
satisfies your appetite for good weekday
watching with a full hour of Clarissa.
After school snack of champions.
Every weekday get 100% of your recommended
daily allowance of exclamations.
And sibling put downs.
Clarissa explains it all weekdays at 5%
only on Knit.
It's only there it was.
Now back to the adventures of Pete and Pete.
So it all came down to this one
fateful Halloween.
By midnight
all the questions
would be answered.
Would this be the last Halloween?
Would Pete finally break the record?
And would my Halloween
secret
remain a secret?
Commander, prepare for the storm.
Ready, set, go!
But as I soon discovered
I wouldn't have much time for worrying
because Pete devised a battle plan
that rocketed us through suburbia.
Trick or treat. Trick or treat.
Trick or treat.
You know the routine. Hustle.
By 8 o'clock
just one hour into our
74th house quest
we knocked off 115 houses
from Chug Hill
all the way to Sahara Mike
Avenue.
We were unstoppable.
And as my Halloween spirit returned
I could feel it.
It was a night for heroes.
And unfortunately
villains.
Because Pete and I weren't the only ones
trying to change the face
of Halloween.
We've got a situation here.
We've got a 10-9er and a 3.
Send back up, Bronco!
Oh, the humanity!
The war zone out there!
Go home!
With the pumpkin-eaters' reign of terror
and full force
I convinced Pete that we had to take
evasive action.
I knew that if the pumpkin-eaters caught me
Hello Weenie Town.
So armed with Pete's knowledge
of every shortcut in Wellsville
we began serpent-tining
suburbia.
But somewhere around House 203
the pumpkin-eaters
tightened their stranglehold on Halloween.
And suddenly
it looked like our night of glory
would be squashed by fear
the spirit of Halloween could not
be crushed.
Wellsville refused to surrender.
T-minus 131 houses
in County. How you doing, Buzz?
Over? A-okay, Commander.
Energy supplement? Over.
Let's move out!
As we closed it on the record
I guess I got a little overconfident.
But with only six blocks to go
I figured, what could go wrong?
Who they men from space!
Ned Richmond
Hey!
You're Pete Wrigley.
No I'm not. I'm uh...
Neil Armstrong
Oh! Yeah.
Sure. Your secret's safe with me.
Hey!
Maybe we could go together next year.
Huh, Riggles?
Riggles.
He called me Riggles.
This is crazy.
If they find me
I'll end up like Ned.
Hey!
Maybe we could find someone else
for you to team up with.
We're the only Halloween he's left.
We gotta get out of here.
No we can't. Not alone.
Not out there.
It's over.
Don't say I didn't warn you!
I knew that I was being a spineless weasel.
I knew that I was
sucker punching Pete's dreams of glory.
But I had to get home
and lose the space suit.
I just couldn't end up like...
Ned.
Going my way, Halloween!
It was the last place
a Halloween hater
like me should have ended up.
But it was the only place
left to hide.
Hate this holiday.
Yeah, well it hates you too.
Leave me alone.
You hear me?
You're the reason I'm in this whole mess.
Sue you.
Sue yourself.
It's nice knowing you traitor.
At that moment
I didn't care what happened to Halloween.
All I cared about
was me.
Tang!
You're dead!
Ha ha ha!
Trigger tree!
The biggest Halloweeny of them all.
The last house.
The final frontier.
I'm one house away jerkweed.
I told you I didn't need you.
What do you want from me?
Accept your soul!
Ha ha ha ha!
You sight on from the goalpost!
What's going on?
I've got something
special planned for this one.
What are you going to do to me?
That depends on what you
do for me.
Boyd my sca-
Yesterday
we saw you Ridley.
You smashed the pumpkin.
Oh it was beautiful.
Now
now here you are
in this pathetic excuse
of a haunted house hating Halloween
even more.
Just like you.
Exactly.
We can destroy Halloween together.
Smash the pumpkin and together
we'll toast the death of Halloween!
Ha ha ha ha!
And if I don't
two words.
Ned.
You know you want to.
You felt it yesterday and you feel it now.
I could feel it.
At that moment
I had more power in my hands
than I've ever had in my life.
The power to crush the spirit
of Halloween forever.
But would I? Could I?
Do it.
No one's looking.
Sorry to hear that.
Endless Mike?
What'd you expect Carrot Head?
Mr. Tasty?
Fry this wheat-
Like I said dirtbags.
Not on my watch.
Where are you going?
Coward!
I'll destroy you too!
Blame head.
In space
Commander
our work here is done.
In the end
Pete was right.
It was a night for heroes.
The next day
with the pumpkin eaters unmasked and in custody
the cleanup began.
You missed a spot.
It was the last time their kind
ever haunted our town.
As for Pete
he didn't break the record.
But that was okay.
Because he achieved greatness
in another way that night.
So did I.
We helped save Halloween in Wellsville.
Now, every year
when the leaves come
so does Halloween.
Setting free the ghouls
and goblins of our souls
for one magical night.
Especially for two brothers
who will always believe.
In the end
Stretch Armstrong
I will destroy him.
Introducing Backman
Stretch Armstrong's arch enemy.
Use the super sucking back bump
to turn him into a mutating monster.
Then stretch him to villainous proportions.
He stays that way
until you press his cybernetic button.
But will this be the end
of Stretch Armstrong?
Stay tuned.
Stretch Armstrong's arch enemy
from Cap Toys. Who else?
Now Beethoven's family can be part of your family.
I love my Beethoven family.
Lee Sinsey
Dolly Tchaikovsky and Mo.
Lots of totally friends you can get to know.
I love my Beethoven family.
Beethoven's family each sold separately.
Dear journals, no boys called.
Losers.
Oh, and today at breakfast there were these pop tarts.
But not like toaster pop tarts.
Little cereal pop tarts.
So I scooped up the box.
Kellogg's pop tarts crunch it said.
Well, not out loud. It was written there.
Anyway, I tried them and wow!
To make sure I wasn't dreaming, I attempted to fly
and landed on the dog.
Great! It means there really is a pop tart cereal.
New Kellogg's pop tarts crunch cereal.
Part of this complete breakfast.
They're pop tarts for your spoon.
P.S. Elmo's okay.
Prince to be found.
There's a rocking pin at the top.
Come on kiss.
Beautiful Beads.
Beautiful Beads let you create the hottest accessories.
Just cut, wrap, roll, boom.
Beautiful Beads.
Beautiful Beads comes with everything you see here.
Refill so separately.
Snowy on the adventures of Tin Tin.
Great job, Snowy.
Tonight's a special night.
When we meet around this fire to tell our tales,
each one of us has our own special brand of terror.
Some of us tell stories of adventure.
Others have tales of the macabre and grotesque.
Some tell stories about real people trapped in an unreal world.
Or heroes searching for the truth.
No two stories are alike.
That's because no two of us are alike.
That's why two of us are telling the story tonight.
You're kidding. Why?
Because it's so major it needs the best of both of us.
It's got magic and man it's about an evil power so strong
that it survived for centuries waiting to rise up and spread its terror.
Excellent. What are we waiting for?
Your honor, submit it for the approval of the Midnight Society.
We call this story the tale of Cutter's treasure.
We use this dagger in the name of all who fell to your sword, you devil.
I warned you. Others had come.
Let them.
I enjoy slicing in two filthy traitors like yourself.
Too much illicit blood has been spilled for this treasure.
And there will be more.
I plan to guard my treachery till the day I die.
Ian Kingen longer if need be.
The curse upon your Jonas Cutter
may this treasure never bring a moment's peace to your greedy soul.
And may your death be a bloody one.
So you want to come over tonight and watch TV or something?
Sure. Sounds like fun.
Hammer, you wait.
Here's the check from Mrs. Gregory.
Oh, Mom, we don't need a babysitter.
I'm old enough to handle things.
Oh, really?
Aren't you the guy that just said you were dead, Tojam?
It's only for a couple of days.
It'll be good.
And wish us luck.
75 miles a day, we're gonna need it.
See ya.
Mrs. Gregory smells like fish.
Now, she's not stinking up my weekend.
Mrs. Gregory?
Down here.
Mr. Kingen.
Is that you?
Yes. I'm sorry, but we decided not to go away this weekend.
Oh.
Yes. The boys are sick.
Oh, well, I'm very good at taking care of...
They've got the measles.
Of course, we'll pay you anyway.
Thank you. I hope they feel better soon.
We're alone the whole weekend.
What are we gonna do first?
We're not doing anything.
We were a team.
You just got cut.
You said if I helped you, I could do whatever I want.
You can. Go over to Tony's, stay up all night.
I don't care.
Just keep out of my face.
I'm telling mom and baby Lottie and Mrs. Gregory.
You do, and you're dead.
Yeah? How you gonna stop me?
Okay, Worm. What do you want?
Just want to do something together.
Forget it. What else do you want?
There is something.
This ad came in the mail yesterday.
A magic set?
Get me that set, and I'll leave you alone all weekend.
A single drop of passion potion, and perhaps I added too much ginseng.
I don't really need a love potion.
Surely there must be something I can interest you in.
Perhaps a flask of popularity potion.
Oh, thanks. I gotta get home and...
What's that?
Oh, that. Forget it.
But I do have some wonderful crystals.
You get a prize just for opening it?
Don't waste your time.
I'll try everything.
What do you see now, Von Ritz?
Mr. Sardo?
No, mister. Accent on the...
He opened it.
I'm shocked.
What's the big deal?
The man who gave me this chest said if anyone could open it,
he would give me 5,000 dollars.
5,000 dollars? I'm a collector, you see.
So what do I get for opening it?
That's all part of the deal.
Whoever opens it gets to keep what's in the chest.
That's it?
Yeah, like you didn't say it was a very good prize.
Rip. Keep it.
Wait! You have to take it!
But it's garbage.
And it's busted.
What am I going to do with the busted spyglass?
Here. Maybe you can fix it.
Cool. Thanks.
What do you mean? It's not busted.
Go away.
I'm really glad you came over tonight.
Me too.
Do you want something to eat?
No, thanks.
My parents are on a bike trip all weekend.
Far. Far away.
Yeah, you told me.
I don't suppose there's any chance we could make out.
This thing is moving by itself.
Don't be strange.
Are you guys going to kiss?
Telling you it's busted.
It's not. It was spinning around.
I'll make you a deal.
You go upstairs. Leave us alone.
I won't make you eat this.
How's that?
That's a good deal. Good night.
Night, Max.
He's cute.
The teddy bear is cute.
Max is a festering sore.
I am hungry.
Why are you sneaking up on me?
I'm not. I'm just getting some CDs.
Do you want to listen to some music?
Or do you want to...?
You're doing right out of the bat here,
ready to nick a treat with Christopher from Mosquiegan, Michigan.
All right, you ready to nick a treat?
Yeah.
All right. Take a look at the neighborhood.
We've got six houses.
We've got real monsters in some and prizes in the other.
You've got 40 seconds.
Which one to go to first?
Where do you want to go?
Where?
Two. Go.
Bag matter. Go.
Go. Run.
Now, smile down there.
Come on. Flap your wings.
Now, you want to curve.
Now, you go left.
Now, you're going to pistol.
Now, quit.
You won't find any prizes here.
Just little...
Man!
I'm going to graze a man.
Four.
Dog shatou.
All the way down the street.
Come on.
Now, you've got to pump it down there.
Come on, baby.
Come on.
Run. Watch that head in.
Now, press the doorbell.
Quick.
Good.
Whoa.
You've got the Nickelodeon grab bag.
Where do you want to go next?
Six.
Rotten acres.
Okay.
That's over to your right.
We've got to hurry.
We only got seven seconds.
Oh, my.
Wings are beaten.
Come on.
Come on, baby.
Get there.
Press the doorbell.
Oh.
Oh, no.
You didn't.
You got the Nickelodeon grab bag.
Are you afraid of the dark CD-ROM?
Hey, where is the place where only kids win, Christopher?
Nickelodeon.
You got it, baby.
We'll be right back with more Nickel Tree in just a second.
Nick or treat is brought to you by McDonald's McWorld
and the place where only kids win, Nickelodeon.
Three friends, always ready for a challenge.
You better get out of my face.
Always quick with an answer.
I can go and dive.
Sure, I'll always be ugly.
Always there for each other.
She's going to sit up on what she can see from now on.
Go to the principal's office.
Together, they'll win every battle.
Let's do the game.
From the director of fried green tomatoes.
The war.
Ready PG-13.
Starts Friday at theaters everywhere.
Connects.
The new snap together color-coded construction set.
Greetings, Earthlings.
We come to challenge you with the taste of our chocolatey cereal.
I bet you go, Coco, for our chocolatey cereal, Coco Puffs.
But ours has an extra ring of chocolatey taste.
Ours is packed with chocolatey taste.
Let's eat.
Coco Puffs is a tasty part of this complete breakfast.
But which chocolatey pump will they go, Coco, for?
Both of them.
So now, for a limited time, mixed in mark boxes of Coco Puffs,
is an invasion of Puffs,
with an extra ring of chocolatey taste.
Meet the ultimate predator, the Rattner 10WD.
In the world of radio control,
it's virtually unstoppable.
10-wheel drive, 9.6-volt power, the Rattner 10WD.
It's 10 times the RC from Buddy L.
Deep inside your heart,
you know you can do it.
You've trained hard, so you can do it.
You can do anything you want to do,
but you can't play the coolest games.
One second.
We now return to Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Right back.
You're not gonna get me.
No way.
Man, Sandy.
You gotta call the cops or something.
Look, you little snot.
I'm tired of you messing things up all the time.
Look, the spyglass.
I don't care.
I don't care about your stories.
I don't care about your problems.
I don't care about you.
I hate you.
Get out of my life.
What he wants is not what he desires.
What?
Do not be fooled.
Remember me words?
For the battle land, are you a match for me?
What?
No, mister.
Accent on the dough.
Perfect.
Now kindly take the rest of this stuff
so that I can collect my...
Keep it.
I don't want it.
Wait.
What about my $5,000?
Let him go.
But you said he had to take all of it.
The items belong to him now.
He's just not ready to accept them.
The boy will be back.
And when he returns, send him to me.
Rush can only think of one thing to do.
So he decided, sorry guys, we gotta finish next year.
Oh man.
Playtime with the Rugrats is cute, loveable smiles
and little giggles as they scurry about the yard.
But playtime isn't just playful.
It's shocking greed.
Remember the next time you see a cute, cuddly Rugrat.
Think again.
The Rugrats every weekday only on Nick.
I'm designing the perfect bike.
It's tall and it looks like a Harley Davidson.
Awesome.
I could really get into this.
Places you've never been before.
Are you tough enough to handle Tonka's new chainsaw steel monster?
Rev it up.
It's big and mean and the harder you rev it.
The more monstrous the power.
Climbing, jumping, wheelie popping.
Tonka's chainsaw steel monster each sold separately.
Are you tough enough to handle a monster?
Yeah!
The new snap together color-coded construction set.
Are you gonna sleep all day?
I know.
Let's get some corn dogs.
We don't have any.
They don't have Kellogg's corn pops.
Oh, like sweet popcorn.
I can almost taste it.
And I'm not spending my weekend with someone who snores when I can't have my pops.
Come on, girls.
I bought those corn pops.
Want a bowl?
Well, if that's what you got.
Kellogg's corn pop cereal is part of this complete breakfast.
Gotta have my pops.
It's a bonkers.
I'll check it back.
Bonkers, fun is yours with the bonkers signal flashlight.
Free with two proofs from mark boxes of Kellogg's corn pops.
Batteries not included.
Surprise, surprise, and you've had surprise.
Press the button to see who's inside.
This one's a puppy.
I'm gonna kitty.
I love you too.
Surprise, surprise, and you've had surprise.
That's a surprise.
You've sold separately.
Go on, don't leave us hanging.
What happened?
I think we got her.
So who is the guy that brought the chest to Sardau?
Yeah.
And where was the cemetery?
And how come only Rush could open the chest?
Let's have a little recap here to get you back up to speed.
Okay, Rush and Max were brothers who didn't really get along.
All Rush wanted to do was grow up, but Max was always keeping him down.
Rush and Max had different ideas of what fun was.
Rather than pound Max in the dirt,
Rush bought him a magic set to keep him busy and far away.
But there was an odd treasure chest at the magic mansion that no one could open,
except Rush.
Inside was a strange spyglass that showed Rush images of a spooky cemetery and
played tricks on Max.
The spyglass was haunted and it lured some horrifying ghosts.
One of the ghosts kidnapped poor Max and Rush was the only one who knew.
Rush didn't know what to do.
Max was gone and he couldn't get a hold of his parents.
That's where we left off.
Kick it.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society.
We called this story The Tale of Cutter's Treasure.
Part two.
Look, buddy.
I don't know what this thing is,
but it's making ghosts show up in my house.
Ghosts?
Yes, well, they're probably just illusions.
Yeah, then two illusions.
Just snatched my little brother.
Either you tell me what's going on or I'm coming back with the cops.
I'm not so sure the police would believe you any more than I do.
They don't.
I've already tried.
Look, Mr. Sar...
I mean Sardo.
All I want is my brother back.
I'm afraid I don't know much more than you,
but there's someone who does.
The wild boar coiffure?
A barbershop?
It's run by the same man who gave me the chest.
I suggest you go and talk to him.
Excuse me.
I'm looking for the guy who found you.
Vink's the name.
Dr. Vink.
Dr. Vink?
Precisely.
I've been waiting for you.
You have?
What do you think of my latest endeavor?
Of course.
Patrons are less interested in coiffure than they are in my unique hair tonics.
They have such interesting properties.
Shall I massage a few drops into your scalp?
No thanks.
Of course not, sir.
We have work to do.
Look, my little brother's in trouble and...
I know all about your brother and I can help you find him
as long as you understand one thing.
What's that?
I am not a nut bag of murderous galleyslave
who led the bloodiest mutiny in maritime history.
They say he took the name Cutter because of his love for the blade
and what it could do to flesh.
History says he concealed an immense treasure
in a secret vault that to this day has never been found.
Why are you telling me this?
Because I do believe I've tracked the beggar down.
We gotta tell the cops.
The police can't help you, lad.
Why not?
Because Jonas Cutter has been dead for 200 years.
Believe this.
This chest belonged to the one man who tried to defeat Cutter
but instead met with a grisly death.
That's from the magic mansion.
I left it there myself hoping to find the champion.
Who?
Before he died this brave soul vowed that one day
the champion would come to avenge the deaths of all of Cutter's victims.
These tools were empowered by the souls of those victims.
Legend says that whoever opened the chest to retrieve them
would be the one to do battle.
No.
You opened the chest, didn't you?
Yeah, but...
What's your name?
Your full name?
Russell Ian Keegan.
So what?
This belonged to your ancestor.
You are the one, lad.
You have to finish what he began 200 years ago.
Forget it.
I'm just a kid.
Perhaps you're right.
I suppose it's easier to hide behind the veil of youth
than to face the responsibility
for a brother you despise.
I don't despise Max.
I want him back.
Then accept your destiny.
Cemetery!
Now what do we do?
The spyglass brought you here.
You'll need these to continue.
What do I do with them?
You know, when the time comes...
Why are you doing all this?
If all goes well, a few pieces of treasure
will help to fund some of my unique endeavors.
And if all doesn't go well?
It must.
It's your destiny.
I've done this before.
It's like my dream.
That means...
Grandson.
Who are you?
Sure you know who I am.
Ian Keegan?
I don't know about any curse.
All I want is my brother back.
The dagger has the power.
Grandson, do not be fooled.
What he wants is not what he desires.
What does that mean?
All our hopes go in you.
Grandson!
Legotechnic.
When you're crazy about building,
you'll be building like crazy.
That's Legomania.
That's a case of Legomania!
Legomania is building like crazy.
The Lego collection,
each set sold separately,
batteries not included.
Greetings, everyone!
We come to challenge you
with the taste of our chocolatey cereal.
I bet you go, Kukku,
for our chocolatey cereal, Kukku Puffs.
But ours has an extra ring of the chocolatey taste.
Ours is packed with chocolatey taste.
Let's eat!
Kukku Puffs is a tasty part of this complete breakfast.
From which chocolatey pump will they go Kukku for?
Both of them!
So now, for a limited time,
mixed in marked boxes of Kukku Puffs
is an invasion of Puffs.
There's an extra ring of chocolatey taste.
And now, sports tips from the Biker My Sports Bros.
Here's Touchdown Moto's long bomb heads up!
Heads up!
It's been a three-point play.
Off-grease fit into Legoman!
Yes!
Sports Bros.
Spurkin' Ride!
Biker My Sports Bros.
New Sports Bros.
and other figures each sold separately.
And now, make way for throttle's blazin' cycle
with a blazin' back wheel of power.
Just pull the ripcord
and the blazin' cycle goes a distance!
Blazin' Cycles!
Rock and ride!
Biker My Sports Bros.
Blazin' Cycles!
Batteries not included!
Watch out.
It's coming back.
We now return to Are You Afraid of the Dark?
I'm so soon, are ya?
You just came aboard.
Who you are?
Do ya now.
Then let's see if you can find me.
Your first choice was a poor one.
Not a good start.
Or anything.
Interesting.
Let's see without a fire as we can start.
Really, you, isn't it?
Yeah!
Talking about.
You said you hated me.
Look, Max.
I said a lot of stupid things I didn't mean.
I'm sorry.
Can I be on your team again?
Touchin' very touching.
I am so moved I can almost die.
Look, I don't want any trouble.
But you went through all that trouble trackin' me down.
You went through all the trouble runnin' my gauntlet and dispatchin' Mr. Noyes.
You went through all the trouble breakin' into my treasure room.
Yes, I think you're looking for trouble and skip off.
You found it.
Look, I didn't want any part of this.
You're the one who-
I've stood guard here for two centuries.
Waitin' for you to come.
Waitin' for the Grand Battle.
I don't wanna fight.
Then you've come to the wrong place.
Fight will be a fair one.
I think swords will do just fine.
I don't have a sword.
Pity.
Then you really are in trouble.
I'm enjoying this.
You're forgetting that.
Is this the grand battle I've been waitin' for?
Get up and fight?
I can't.
I don't know what to do.
Then there's nothing left for me to do.
But to put you out to my misery.
Leave him alone.
Two boys.
Two dead little boys.
Who wants to go first?
You do.
Drollhead.
There's only one thing left to do.
Who are you?
You must run him through with a dagger
and fulfill your destiny.
Come on, Skipper.
Use the bloody dagger.
You cannot hurt me.
Use it.
Mr. Scared little boy.
You fear the dagger.
Fear should dim the dagger, Skipper.
But before that, in little trouble.
What's the trouble, lad?
What he wants is not what he desires.
That's what Ian's ghost said.
He was a fool.
Finish, finish the deed.
No.
This isn't right.
You're afraid, aren't you?
Yeah, I am.
And I think you are too.
You've been guarding this treasure,
but there's no one to guard it from.
That's why you took Max.
To make sure I would come.
You wanted one last battle.
Nonsense talk.
Use the dagger.
This treasure's no good to you anymore, is it?
But you have to guard it forever.
I believe you're right, lad.
Use the dagger and Cutter's Retreat Soul
may be released from this prison.
No, it's not true.
What do I do?
Justice for Cutter's victims is in your hands.
Use it wisely.
Use it, Blaster!
Did I do the right thing?
The dagger was meant to punish Cutter
for his evil ways, and that's what was done.
I did the right thing.
I will, Grandsons.
Ever gonna believe this.
Good show, lads!
What happened to you?
I thought it best to leave you to your own devices.
After all, this is your adventure.
Sorry you didn't get the treasure you wanted.
No matter. Treasure doesn't last.
It's the adventure, the excitement, the game.
That's what stays with you a lifetime.
Remember that.
Though a little treasure never hurt.
I guess you didn't come away empty-handed.
No, but I did.
We had a deal.
I delivered.
Now I expect you to.
Please, I intend to double your fee.
Double?
Oh, well, that's different.
Maybe we could, uh...
Val and Dad!
I don't know who you guys are,
but I don't think I'll ever forget you.
Listen, what other little adventures
do you think we might be able to cook up together?
Whoa, what's this about?
You're never gonna believe this,
but you're never gonna believe this.
We had the most amazing weekend.
Wait, let me tell you.
It's the most unbelievable thing you ever heard.
Are we gonna tell them?
I don't think so.
Rush and Max never told anyone their adventure,
because they were afraid someone might look for Cutter's treasure.
And if they found it, they'd also find the ghost of the pirate captain
lying in wait for one last battle.
The end.
Awesome story.
Excellent.
That was a really awesome story.
I declare this meeting of the Midnight Society.
The longest.
To the 166 hours and counting.
Oh, raps!